well howdy there internet people it's
bob again
so today we're going to talk about
timelines we're going to go through a
timeline day by day
we're going to talk about what it means
we're going to talk about
contests decisions stuff like that
and we'll see where it goes
on december 11th the case was argued
before the supreme court
on december 12th the case was decided
on december 13th the concession speech
was given
yeah i'm not talking about this year i'm
talking about 2000 al gore
20 years ago today al gore gave his
concession speech
one day after the supreme court decided
not in his favor
the president of the united states still
has not done that
a lot of the people who are kind of
cheering him on
if you took this same situation and put
it in any other context
they would be mocking him for his
behavior
he took it out of politics and made it a
boxing match right
two boxers go in decision gets made
and then the losing boxer whines
and cries about it
what what do you think they'd say
never should have stepped in the ring
didn't deserve to be there never should
have laced up his gloves
especially if they got to pick a large
percentage of the judges
but that's not what happening right now
that's not what's going on
the reason is they don't know the rules
if this was sports
something that they truly care about
they know the rules they know how it's
supposed to work
and they would mock him for this
but it's very much the same thing
the president of the united states not
accepting the decision of the supreme
court
is like not accepting the decision in a
boxing match
it shows he never should have been there
says he was unfit
never should have been there to begin
with
and i think it's also going to
foreshadow a whole lot of stuff that
we're going to find out over the next
few years about the trump administration
if he is willing to disregard the rules
when it comes to something this public
imagine what he did in private
i have a feeling that a lot of the
things he takes credit for
his accomplishments well we're going to
find out that those numbers might have
been massaged a little bit
he just said it over and over and over
again like he's doing now
until people believed it
this is not some rich kid preparatory
student body election
this is an election for the presidency
of the united states the highest office
in the land
a number of things have been made very
clear by president trump's
actions as of late first he does not
understand the constitution
at all second he doesn't have the
integrity to be in that office
third he is more concerned about himself
than anything else
he never should have been there never
should have stepped into the ring so to
speak
doesn't know the rules and a lot of
people supporting him don't know the
rules because the one thing president
trump succeeded at
was creating a whole lot of new people
who are engaged in politics for the
first time who care about it for the
first time
and they don't understand it they were
surprised
by these rulings when nobody else was
they were surprised by judges he picked
going against him
nobody else was it's not how it works
the judiciary is is independent
that's actually why the appointments for
a lifetime
they're beholding to nobody once they
get that position
in this case it worked gotta be honest i
didn't expect
all of them to uh to do the right thing
that was a surprise but the fact that it
was a
dismal failure that wasn't surprising at
all
the president of the united states needs
to concede
he has waited far too long
every day goes on he further
damages the credibility of the united
states
he further damages the country he said
he was going to make great
doesn't seem like he was very successful
in that
it seems like the voters know that
we should uh see a resolution to all
this pretty soon
and i can't wait because i'll be honest
i cannot wait
to get to the point where i never have
to type the phrase let's talk about
trump
again the president needs to concede
and needs to remove himself from public
service
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day